Setting redis as coordination backend (#169)
StackStorm/stackstorm-ha: CHANGELOG.md

## In Development

## v0.51.0

> * Added Redis with Sentinel to replace Etcd as backend coordinator (#167)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added Redis with Sentinel to replace etcd as a coordination backend (#169)
```
